.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH unattended-upgrade 8 "May 4, 2009"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
unattended-upgrade \- automatic installation of security (and other) upgrades
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBunattended-upgrade\fP [options]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program can download and install security upgrades automatically
and unattended, taking care to only install packages from the
configured APT source, and checking for dpkg prompts about
configuration file changes. All output is logged to
/var/log/unattended-upgrades.log.
.sp
This script is the backend for the APT::Periodic::Unattended-Upgrade
option and designed to be run from cron (e.g. via /etc/cron.daily/apt).
.SH OPTIONS
unattended-upgrade accepts the following options:
.TP
\fB-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
help output
.TP
\fB-d\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR
extra debug output into /var/log/unattended-upgrades.log
.TP
\fB--dry-run\fR
Just simulate installing updates, do not actually do it
.SH CONFIGURATION
The configuration is done via the apt configuration mechanism. The
default configuration file can be found at
/etc/apt/apt.conf.d/50unattended-upgrades
.SH AUTHORS
unattended-upgrade is written by Michael Vogt <mvo@ubuntu.com>
.PP
This manual page was originally written by Michael Vogt <mvo@ubuntu.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright  (C)  2005-2009 Canonical
.PP
There is NO warranty.
You may redistribute this software under the terms of  the  GNU
General  Public License.  For more information about these matters, see
the files named COPYING.
